okay well go guys to a live stream my
name is Sarah DT rhymes with peachy if
you're new around here today I have the
new red iPhone 8 are you guys excited
about it are you amiss I don't know
we'll see we're gonna unbox it today
also if you peeked my Instagram recently
I was hanging out with Karlie Kloss what
so she's doing a collaboration with away
luggage and I got like a goodie bag so
why not do that you guys can come on and
ask me questions if your life if you're
replaying this thanks for joining me as
well I'll put some timestamps down below
in the description let me know where you
guys are from Australia Japan oh my
England's amazing okay and I have a
special guest with me here drum roll
please it's so true because we're watch
I know so many different and I just
realized I might have been in the
reflection the whole time absolutely
okay so they were like maybe they do
well we know we know okay so this might
be distracting since you're watching
this but here's the comments so crystal
is gonna be manning the Qatar woman in
the comments as we unbox this I read
everything yeah if you guys wanna hollar
the Netherlands Canada oh my goodness
maybe put it on a map so it's mine okay
crystal link is in the description below
if you guys want to check her out what
do you do crystal I do tech videos some
boxing's reviews camera comparisons lot
of stuff uh Sarah does too oh my gosh
I already butchered it guys oh my god
has a super chat PHP I don't know what
that hi Sarah I hope you're having a
great day just wanted to say that I
really look up to you as a vlogger
greetings from the Philippines so at
five hundred Philippine dollars whatever
that is that's epic okay so let's see
I'm using my a7 s here let's see if we
can zoom in if you guys are curious what
I'm using to livestream a bit I'll link
Wirecast I forgot to link but I'm using
Wirecast and I'm using the cam link
Amazon link is in description below
hooked up to my a7s2 output this crispy
1080 footage is it looking good they're
clicking diggin it yeah all right here
we go everywhere the big reveal
almost the big reveal oh oh oh
red paperwork this nice forgot product
red and I don't want to butcher this so
I'm gonna read it so the whole idea
behind the red products and stuff is
it's in partnership with red apple will
contribute a portion of your iPhone
purchase to the Global Fund to support
HIV / aids programs and help deliver an
aids-free generation learn more or
donate at red org so super cool you know
submission money you don't have to feel
guilty about getting a red phone yeah
it's for a cause so crystal when did you
start your YouTube channel when did I
start I think like officially opened up
well I have two channels my new one yeah
just last year but I started on YouTube
like around 2015 okay yeah I've been
going since okay yeah very cool so
Sheila's somewhat close so I feel like
more collabs yeah should be definitely
and the Fiat really alright and I got
amazed by the red I'm like oh my god I
know okay I haven't even looked at it
let's see okay hold on I got a classic
unboxing alright oh it's so shiny and
pretty so obviously first thing is first
the all-black front
and then let's collectively like wow
dude that read so nice it's like it's
like honestly looks it is really deep I
didn't it looks more read on camera
oh yeah like it looks brighter on camera
see this shredder get this to focus it's
probably focusing one live stream who's
here there we go so how do you guys
think that looks oh it's so pretty alien
but - yeah what do you guys think do you
want the iPhone 10 people are saying
yeah satisfaction best read ever why
yeah why why didn't they make a read I
find impressed well I would have loved
that I probably would have switched over
to read cuz it looks really yeah so
they're calling this the mkbhd version
because black and red yeah black and red
so traditionally for the white phone it
had a white you know white bezels which
is like why would you do that so now
it's beautiful and clean yeah and then
oh it looks so good it really does and
it just makes it look like just like a
completely flat
yeah and that's my favorite thing about
the iPhone 10 and just the new display
and stuff cuz I like the silver vibe I
like white and stuff but I always
thought that it looked ugly like the
white bezels yeah you know I'm like okay
this is clean it's black you know so
what do you guys think that oh we got a
$4.99 super chat I'm not good with keep
up with awesome food work Sarah Thank
You Declan
that's pretty how do you feel like going
back to this I felt like I was about to
comment about this so
to me like I'm just so size comparison
real quick yeah I love the size though
so why I always went with the 8 plus is
I wanted the features I wanted the
portrait mode a selfie portrait mode
they put all the features in the bigger
model but now that you have this with
the iPhone 10 it's like why this fits in
my palm better however whenever you're
just chilling like watching Netflix on
the subway or something let's display
yeah that's the thing that's good that's
good okay what do you guys think in the
road iPhone what are you guys saying hi
from Scotland oh my goodness
what's the difference so technically
speaking there's nothing different about
this phone um this is an iPhone 8 plus
you know this is the iPhone x10
I've owned 10 so it's basically just the
color Apple usually puts out the Apple
red like six months after right yeah
it's very fingerprinting though it is so
you can really see it but yeah it really
like I'm just amazed by the red cuz last
year we had like the metallic and that
wouldn't iPhone aids-like but the glass
backing nose looks really good like I
look it looks better it looks better
than last year's two-threes the black
front but also the red looks nicer
ietting and I like the glossy glass
opposed to the mat and it's easier to
hold yeah hi from London Netherlands oh
my goodness another another Philippines
one did you know that will dusters is in
New York right now
are you meeting up with him yes will is
in town I was so busy today I wasn't
able to meet up with him but maybe maybe
I would love to hang out with him he's a
sick vlogger I read about Anna why were
you not die
conference kind of intimidates me I can
only be like one big conference a year
so maybe I'll go to nab next shirt but
means I probably won't be able to go to
CES did you wanna see yes you yeah we
saw each other yes yes CS is like even
more intimidating I feel is just like
craziness for the Wii how is it yeah hi
from Texas
hi from Texas that's where I'm from so
as always you know you have the break
you have the headphones and the cable
you guys have seen this this is why I
kind of wanted to do it on the live
stream like I'm sure you guys have seen
the red iPhone unboxing videos but I
just wanted to say hi as well for it to
you know be a little bit more personable
from you say what's up bring in my
friend crystal okay crystal okay I'm
gonna switch I'm gonna give you this bag
you wanted me yes okay
so what this is I know right like feels
really nice so I'm gonna do a special
giveaway thing guys so listen up before
I announce the giveaway everyone who's
viewing this smash the like button right
now do it right now hit that like button
and I'm gonna announce a special
giveaway of sorts um but I was hanging
out with hi was hang I wasn't hanging
out with curly gloss but there was an
event last night away luggage some
people who you guys have like heard of
I'm sure especially from my channel um
Pete and Maddie were here crazy but away
did a collaboration with code of claw
see so Karlie Kloss has a coding like
foundation for girls to learn code and
so they came out and made these sick
backpacks and they also made like purple
and green luggage fellows yeah I need
that purple and I loose you they're cute
they're really cool um so the event was
last night and I got to like take a
picture with Carly oh my gosh you guys
smash that like button thank you for
smashing the like buttons I guess now I
can say the giveaway I took a picture
with Karlie Kloss pretty cool she's very
sweet very nice yeah yeah if you guys
can go
my Instagram Scott thank you for loving
my channel go to my Instagram it's at
Sarah D cheese so as you're watching
this right now where you're replaying it
go to my Instagram and like and comment
on the picture you have to follow me as
well you can say whatever you want and
I'm going to give away wait for it
what is it wait drumroll it's not like a
super special giveaway but it's it's
special so I am I stop crushing it books
by gary gary vee gary vaynerchuck is a
dude who i've looked up to in the
business world and i want to give you
guys some like crushing it looks I mean
they're like they're normally like $25 I
think so it's not like it's just it's
not just like a book or $30 $30 value
I'm gonna ship it to your person and I
like I believe you know he's kind of
crazy sometimes but in his stuff and the
stuff he does I truly believe it's like
material to better yourself as a creator
and entrepreneur so yeah I want to give
two away to you guys and in the spirit
of entrepreneurs go to that Karlie Kloss
picture it's my recent one on Instagram
like it and call it whatever you want
I'm gonna pick two of you guys the super
easy giveaway it's super easy right yeah
it's an easy way and I'm gonna send you
crushing it so so yeah what do you guys
think of that alright and if you're just
tuning in smash that like button yeah
it's yeah you say you say smash like
yeah yeah yeah it helped help I serve up
your livestream or whatever okay if you
guys have questions for crystal essence
then this question and we're going to
unbox what's in here because there's
goodies oh there's stuff in there
there's good I just like stuff now so
this is a vegan leather oh okay I'm all
about may I
all right I put a leather bag in your
life yeah yeah so being in love their
leather so that means no animals were
harmed I'm just gonna hand you stuff and
nothin just like we reveal what's inside
what's in here it's nice yellow tote
yeah with no a little pin going places
everybody's going blue that's really
cute that's like very like me I feel
like that's really cute I wonder if my
camera will focus on it is it focusing
cover up your face maybe okay well it's
a cute pen that's us going places
[Music]
working girl working girl and there's a
little letter for you Oh a letter open
up the letter okay what is it like Sarah
you're the worst no this is just like a
little miniature away luggage yeah our
starts okay so these are real like where
you can get it oh thanks for supporting
cool so nice so yeah the whole thing
behind the code is classy is getting
young girls into computer science and
stem so it's really cool cuz as a person
who did computer science for three years
in college well I I yeah I'm a supporter
I know but um let's see we got some
questions Sarah which is better use here
Anna UT my dad went to UT University of
Texas what is that this is like some
canteen with that mug girls can do
anything yes thank you girls can do
everything
oh this is a I'm used to swell bottles
being everywhere so this is a change of
pace that's interesting well
this is nice no black kissed yet people
are asking about three six eight yes I
am that three six eight because I
actually have an office at three six
eight Broadway but in terms of like a
lot of people are asked me are you
joining three six eight and it's not
like it's a club or a agency or anything
it's one of those things where it's just
like well I'll just wait for Casey to
like shoot me a DM and if he wants me to
be a part of anything
it gets me super excited anything Casey
does I'm gonna be stoked about yeah but
yeah if he wants to include us I'm sure
you will eventually yeah then I'll be a
part of it so what about would you think
about three six eight but did I think
yeah I'm excited you watch busy stuff I
do I do
I actually like I start watching Casey
like before I even had a million
subscribers so dude Sam yeah I did you
watch the Mercedes uh-huh so funny story
Casey Casey before the daily vlogging
you had a four part series about a who
am i doing um about a Mazda hey serious
shut up Syria always been through always
in Hampton he had the series on a Mazda
see every what's called not a monster JC
Mazda yeah a Mercedes yes sir good CLA
to 50 CLA to 50 seola
sure a Mercedes CLA Apple watch world
crystal what happened so I am ur Sadie's
car I was living in Nashville at the
time I had absolutely no money but this
dude Casey nice ty after watching his
amazing videos through this four-part
series he convinced me that I needed a
Mercedes CLA Carly and that was my first
experience with influencer marketing
because I was like yes these videos are
so amazing
I need this Mercedes car
I like don't really we know what that
looks like I'm so bad word car is like
yeah oh it's a portable bluetooth
speaker I love those do you have these I
actually have like the Kashmir pink and
yeah it sounds really good
okay what's your opinion so do you like
it use it whatever but yeah definitely
it's like nice and small but really good
sound oh my ears that's like very nice
to put in the swag oh yeah those are
really nice what was your first KC video
yeah brush first KC so there was like
the Nike one yeah yeah that's like the
person that like what drew me in and
then I started seeing that he blogs and
mm-hm yeah can't bleed he's like so
close and just like yeah it's just a
nice community over here yeah it is
he could be downstairs as we speak well
actually he just tweeted out a picture
about getting in a Rolls rolls-royce and
it's so funny because we were outside
filming and I go why is there a
rolls-royce here and I looked across my
life later Twitter probably it's
probably for KC and then ten minutes
later KC posted a picture I'm like three
six eight life figures okay your new
goal is to figure out how to hook up
your phone to okay and we're gonna do a
listening test already more stuff
alright let's do some questions yeah
do you have a boyfriend sir yes what's
good how's everything going samtech
everything's going great how can i
balance school in youtube Oh makes a
little noise every time when you turn it
on now I got a parrot oh my god I think
makes a noise for that - lets see
so she's pairing this speaker Ultimate
Ears
the Wonder boom the Wonder boom how can
i balance school and YouTube well I'm
gonna give you the the most legit answer
I can give you when I was in college
intellectual engineering computer
science and doing YouTube and video I
didn't bounce it so that was the that
was the time in my life where I didn't
sleep that much but because I didn't
sleep and I tried hard I hustled and
grind
for about three to four years and in
high school as well that allowed me to
get out of place for him now I'm doing
what I love I am working from the moment
I wake up to the moment I sleep I get
like seven hours sleep but it's like an
hour know so it's like I mean you're
always just having fun
yeah what's song doing here in here what
song do you guys want to hear leave a
comment of what song if you guys are
just tuning in we did the iPhone
unboxing at the beginning of this
livestream so this will be posted after
the facts you can go back and watch that
what song okay let's say song song I
think it's like delay like 10 seconds
okay I think there's something else
there's more there's more melody
everything I like it's size in that bag
I didn't ignore a super shot yeah how
can i balance school and you two
answered that oh well okay baby got back
baby got back
baby got back man alright let's start it
baby got back deep on a time yeah no for
real no should we OH God's plan that's a
good oh that's it that's like what I did
my okay this is cute this is a I don't
know what is this I said a little
bracelet it's a bracelet
okay if not now when if not now when
people murmured what are you gonna
pursue your dreams what are you gonna
start doing good in school what are you
gonna ask that person out no no is it
time alright here we go
put it up so the thing is it's portable
right that's the senior
portable is probably like splash-proof -
okay that's the loudest you can go
though this is the let's get to the the
minimal and then we'll go to some
friendly and your music okay so this is
the sorry
[Applause]
81 Wow it's really loud and tiny it's
portable it's waterproof oh you can
connect to wonderful yeah gather yes you
have to party louder
yeah I'll bring my little pink one over
and and then we can jam that's actually
amazing it's so cute though I did not
expect that to be in the Karlie Kloss
away thing so thank you everyone for the
God's plan Jonathan says both of you
guys are so neat follow me on instagram
Jonathan Gutierrez all right there you
go guys go follow John and he donated
$10 there's more oh okay so this is away
luggages magazine mmm my cupola is see
fancy programming's
new model so curly Claus is on the front
if you guys can't tell Carly classes
like my new hero she's amazing she's
amazing like I mean she just so mother
oh gotta go nice and awesome not going
on yeah she does like so much yeah she's
a model traveler so there's La Poste
currents whoa-oh Skullcandy have you had
some experience of school candy
headphones not these these look like
like a step up
I've had like smaller ones but this look
okay let's look them up
yes where's my phone can you do that can
you look I'll look it up the specs and
stuff or just like how much - yeah um so
exciting we got another super shot Sarah
would it be okay if I drew a pic of you
and John do it dude yeah that's the
sweet I tag me in like Instagram
Instagram stories oh yeah curly cloth is
a freaking boss I think that rhymed and
I'm really awesome Oh what's up seven
foot vlogs what's good oh yeah this is
the Cuba I think there's a like a laptop
thing in the back I'm definitely going
yeah thank you
so it's the away luggage early class
Club that was just a fun little unboxing
no one is paying me to say any of these
things
I just been fascinated by the red iPhone
and what Karlie Kloss encode with
colossi is doing I'll put all those
links in the description below
yeah so these are well clearly wireless
okay so they're wireless school candy
headphones ninety minutes of listening
after a five minute charge memory foam
ear cushions is noise i isolating got a
lot how much are they listed how much
$100 nine hundred yes okay pretty guys
boys these are hundred dollar headphones
noise-cancelling
[Music]
wireless guess what we're about to do or
we about to give these away we're about
to give these way to the peachy BAM okay
yeah oh my goodness so before I tell you
how you should smash that like button
again if you have it
give it I feel like Oprah right now I
know you get what you get a foot you get
a headphones but I mean this is just
giving away it's what Karlie Kloss gave
away but we're just you know sure well
we're just sharing the love we're sure
why not share the love right um wow that
was a very vulgar hello from asking
Egypt
well hello Mohammed from a Peabody job
let's go let's go whoo
okay so let's Ruth oh what am i doing
for this kid okay so what are they doing
so let's review real quick okay for this
giveaway you have to go to my Instagram
it's at Sarah dieci SAR Adi
the link is in the description below you
have to like and comment just on the
picture with Karlie Kloss my most recent
picture you have to make sure you're
following me so I can DM you course
super easy super easy if you guys are
watching rewatching this you have 24
hours I'll pick the winner in 48 hours
we'll say 48 hours that's good yeah yeah
and then what should the rules recipe
well you already didn't see I'm so about
Twitter Twitter
okay and we'll do this what's your
Twitter that's my Laura underscore
crystal okay
so I'll put her Twitter and this is my
do you think today yeah but what you
have to do to win these I mean these are
hundred dollar headphones guys we're
just going on spy here I'll put both of
our Twitter's in description below
follow both of us on Twitter because you
you said you want to separate order game
I do and so you're gonna have some new
people to stuff your Twitter your oh
it's perfect and what hashtag that is
hmm tweet at us with the hashtag hashtag
just make it easier to why are everyone
from the Philippines doing the super
chat what time thanks for liking the
logos I made you inspire me times oh I
did like her logos she made some cool
three six eight logos and Jimena Janina
so yeah this is for the Twitter Faulk go
flawless on Twitter at Sarat each email
link is in the description below with
yours at Laura underscore Krystal I'll
try to make that Laura underscore
crystal with a cape hers will also be in
the description after this goes live and
just tweet us with the hashtag
headphones alright we know they're know
cuz then that's gonna be a lot of okay
it has to be unique honey
a peachy - cheese headphones that's
exactly how he died
peachy headphone perfect 48 hours do it
it's super easy so follow bow this is
just very aqua cuff I'll okay so people
are doing it here in the chat you have
to do it go to Lima Twitter and
Instagram - for the other for the books
yes yes yes and then yeah any more
questions any more questions we're gonna
wrap this up so we're gonna be here for
a few more minutes you ask them some
questions thank you for your dedication
and hard work is always famous so I'm
gonna start working hard - thank you I
don't know how would you pronounce his
name wrist rise wrist wrist thank you
RIS hat Petrie hood bone much love from
Brazil shot a John Hill John Hills
awesome gotta love what else can I give
away cuz I feel bad that the YouTube fan
is now left out so we've got an
Instagram
we got Twitter what else is gonna give
away guys what do you guys want yeah
they're all gonna say I know I know
right
besides the iPhone let's see um like you
have us nicely here but you know what
okay guys I just saw I'm giving away new
stuff now no we're doing Oprah that was
a really good window this so this is
like a really good game boy so this is
for the youtube fan you guys are still
turn in replaying this if you watched it
to the end of this video you have a
chance to win in Ultimate Ears and we
touched it we breathe on it
we played gutters we land on it yeah we
play God clean light here let's sign it
right now you're gonna get a chance to
win this I'm gonna screw up my signature
we're gonna sign it we're signing on the
bottom okay okay oh hi from great times
someone's from grapevine and you know
what let's do this live because the
people who cared enough about us we're
give me this way light
we're gonna give this away a lot of what
I've never done that before so we're
gonna we're gonna I just wanna say I've
never been on the live stream ever
either so if I'm like a little weird or
anything like I'm sorry this she's
amazing I'm like looking at the chat the
whole time like going back and forth but
I'm trying you're doing amazing really I
feel like I'm not but no you're doing
fantastic
um Oh should we sign the book - I feel
like it's not pretentious to sign a Gary
Vaynerchuk book I don't want to ruin
their book I know you know but okay so
we both signed it so we're gonna give
away this speaker now and it's gonna be
life so if you're alive right now get
ready to type of something because we're
gonna give it away
okay should they do a hashtag or
something so all you have to do in order
to have a chance to win this it's just
comment Sarah sa RA and the live shots
do it up that's really it do it now do
it no I'm just gonna pick a random
person should we do the okay are you
gonna find for yourself I know that's
not really a scientific no that's good
they're not coming in though come on I
know it's delayed its delayed a little
bit okay here we go here we go
all right all right so I'm just gonna oh
it's move with us oh I'm just gonna
click online oh my goodness I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna stop I'm gonna I'm
going to restrict it to the United
States though I'm so sorry but I came
last time that I did this shipping was
like so expensive here whatever else in
the books elsewhere but the speaker okay
gonna go for it yeah I guess I'm just
gonna just pick
pick I felt like I'm gonna know them
right here
Garrett garden you want a speaker or
they you II wonder boom
congratulations Garrett garden I will
message you so I'm gonna try to figure
out yeah I'm gonna try to figure out how
to message you on youtube if not tweet
me and we'll get that sorted out
Congrats whoo we did it we did it
alright so I'm gonna give aways we did
pretty yeah so many giveaways so to make
sure I have this straight we gave away
this mm-hmm
maybe we should turn it off maybe we
Gateway cubits oh yeah and we're giving
this away on Twitter so if you're tuning
in oh I'm sorry now I'm carrying this
weight if your tree if you're tuning in
after the fact all we give away things
will be on this trip from yeah thank you
so much for tuning in do you have any
last questions thank you for unboxing
the red iPhone with us
let's give it one more look yes and hold
it look at that beauty it's so pretty
it's pretty it looks good really it's
not here this is all right here first
just kidding you saw like I just seen no
one did it alive we all who's doing it
yeah no we are yeah so if you guys do
not know crystal check out her channel
down in the description below we
actually filmed a club that will be on
sometimes video streaming so videos are
coming stay tuned there's so much
exciting stuff coming up I like my
person is bursting with excitement me
too it's one of those times where I have
so many video ideas and I'm shooting a
lot but it's like my workload I can't
keep up with workload that's good this
we're gonna figure it out lots of good
things coming yes so let's end on some
really important questions do you like
turtles
do I like turtles I
Turtles Spencer Weaver asked about that
actually yeah I thought you came up with
that I'm like no what else okay people
saying three six eight if you guys don't
know I have an office in three six eight
this is where we are now your print six
eight because oh yeah it's the physical
building that Casey's three six eight is
actually another building yeah to the
right of it the address is actually
three seventy really people there you go
exclusive boo no one knows that three
six eight sounds better yeah it's not so
much better i already subbed to Crystal
John Santana says good good Oh is John
here John come say hi we're ending a
live stream right now come say hello
oh look what we're doing we're using the
fancy camera so John's gonna come say
hello guys what what do I look at that
you right there
so does this guy hi guys how are you
this video stay on your channel yes it
is okay well something inappropriate we
gave away some of this what we gave away
we're giving away the headphones and
then to gary view buzz why didn't you
ask you first if i wanted this is
awesome i know these are $100 headphones
that we're giving away on twitter WTF
all they gonna do is follow crystal and
me boom there you go alright guys make
sure to subscribe to the people's let me
know if you like this video let me know
if you like live streams should we do a
live stream every single week I like
interacting with you guys you should you
really crystal what was your first
impression this was her first live
stream for a live stream also from like
this camera too late that's right
I like it yeah no go to let me know if
you guys yeah malaria most just donated
$20 inside to us thank you yeah so you
yeah no I'm liking the live stream life
do you think you're gonna do it you
might I'm gonna hop on board okay it's a
week maybe maybe once a week maybe once
a month so maybe maybe alright guys well
thank you so much for tuning in I
appreciate it wow this went longer than
I thought 35 minutes oh but it was a lot
of fun yeah and stay peachy